Who said it was going to be postponed?
Impossible. What are you doing with my corsage?
Let's go, my bridegroom
Ah!
Congratulations, congratulations, congratulations on a hundred years of harmony
Okay, look at that bear
The expression like eating shit hahaha
Like Jiang Linlin's weight
When you were in bed at night
Won't break you
I bah
Why do you two have mouths like shit?
It stinks.
All right.
All villagers
Don't make trouble
Then you can entertain yourself, I won't accompany you
Hey, Brother Lin
It's too much to be apart from him
You were laughed at because of him
He leaves you now
HUIMIN
Since I married him, he is my wife
I don't want you to deliberately make things difficult for him in the future
I don't have anything to do with Tornford.
Is the last time
drink alcohol